API gw scaling docs update and sync consul-k8s helm values description with consul public docs (#2930)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/docs/north-south/api-gateway/k8s/scale.mdx

1. A user-managed HPA that targets the gateway deployment
1. Gateway scaling annotations
1. Deprecated Helm chart `connectInject.apiGateway.managedGatewayClass.deployment` fields

If a user-managed HPA already targets the gateway deployment, Consul does not create or manage its own HPA for that gateway.

### Precedence examples

**Case 1: User-managed HPA wins over Gateway annotations**

> If you create your own `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` that targets the gateway deployment and the `Gateway` resource also has scaling annotations, Consul uses the user-managed HPA and ignores the annotations entirely. Consul will not create or overwrite the existing HPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create your own `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` that targets the gateway deployment and the `Gateway` resource also has scaling annotations, Consul uses the user-managed HPA and ignores the annotations entirely. Consul does not create or overwrite the existing HPA.
```

Style: Use present tense

```yaml
# User-managed HPA — this takes priority
apiVersion: autoscaling/v2
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: my-hpa
spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: api-gateway
  minReplicas: 2
  maxReplicas: 8
  metrics:
    - type: Resource
      resource:
        name: cpu
        target:
          type: Utilization
          averageUtilization: 60
```

> Even if the `Gateway` resource below has `hpa-enabled: "true"`, Consul defers to `my-hpa` above and does not create a second HPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the following `Gateway` resource has `hpa-enabled: "true"`, Consul defers to `my-hpa` in the previous example and does not create a second HPA.
```

Style: we don't use directionals "below" or "above"

```yaml
# Gateway annotations are ignored when a user-managed HPA already exists
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: api-gateway
  annotations:
    consul.hashicorp.com/hpa-enabled: "true"
    consul.hashicorp.com/hpa-minimum-replicas: "3"
    consul.hashicorp.com/hpa-maximum-replicas: "25"
spec:
  gatewayClassName: consul
  listeners:
    - name: http
      protocol: HTTP
      port: 8080
```

**Case 2: Gateway annotations win over deprecated Helm values**

> If the `Gateway` resource has a `default-replicas` annotation and the Helm chart still has a `deployment.defaultInstances` value set, the annotation takes effect and the Helm value is ignored. Note that `scaling.enabled` must be `true` for annotations to be evaluated at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Gateway` resource has a `default-replicas` annotation and the Helm chart still has a `deployment.defaultInstances` value set, Consul uses the annotation and ignores the Helm value. Note that `scaling.enabled` must be `true` for annotations to be evaluated at all.
```

```yaml
# values.yaml — scaling must be enabled; the deprecated defaultInstances is ignored
connectInject:
  apiGateway:
    managedGatewayClass:
      scaling:
        enabled: true       # required for annotations to take effect
      deployment:
        defaultInstances: 2   # ignored because the annotation below is present
```

```yaml
# gateway.yaml — annotation wins
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: api-gateway
  annotations:
    consul.hashicorp.com/default-replicas: "4"   # this value is used
spec:
  gatewayClassName: consul
  listeners:
    - name: http
      protocol: HTTP
      port: 8080
```

**Case 3: Deprecated Helm values are the only source**

> If there are no Gateway annotations and no user-managed HPA, Consul falls back to the deprecated `deployment.*` Helm values. The gateway deployment is created with `defaultInstances` replicas, and the controller enforces `minInstances` and `maxInstances` as bounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no Gateway annotations and no user-managed HPA, Consul falls back to the deprecated `deployment.*` Helm values. Consul creates the gateway deployment with `defaultInstances` replicas, and the controller enforces `minInstances` and `maxInstances` as bounds.
```
